



This is the day you've always dreamed of. You are finally marrying the love of your life, Prince Roland.


Castle Garden
You are standing in the garden behind your family's castle. On this lovely fall evening, it is doing double duty as a wedding chapel.

Your betrothed, Roland, stands before you.

You can also see Father Alfred here.

>take off dress
It took a very long time to get you laced into that gown. You ought to leave it on for now.

Father Alfred begins the ceremony, "We are gathered here today to witness the joining of two hearts." Roland smiles shyly at you.

>take off crown
You should leave that on. A princess should never be without her crown.

"If anyone has a reason why these two should not be wed, speak now or forever hold your peace." You hold your breath for a second, wondering whether anyone will speak up. Fortunately, nobody does and you relax.

>undress
That's not a verb I recognize.

>glare
That's not a verb I recognize.

>shout
Shout! Shout! Let it all out!

"Who gives this woman--" You glare icily at the minister. You are nobody's property. "Ahem. Moving on," says the minister, visibly flustered. Roland looks at you questioningly, but says nothing.

>sing
There will be plenty of time to sing later.

"Love is a wonderful thing." And so on. You're too excited to pay attention to every word.

>marry a woman
You can't see any such thing.

>look at princess
You can't see any such thing.

>x princess
You can't see any such thing.

>look
Castle Garden
You are standing in the garden behind your family's castle. On this lovely fall evening, it is doing double duty as a wedding chapel.

Your betrothed, Roland, stands before you.

You can also see Father Alfred here.

"Elizabeth, do you take Roland to be your husband?"

>say no to father
You shake your head. "No. I don't."

Oh.

There's a pause, and then the guests begin to murmur. The minister frowns. "Elizabeth, are you sure?" he asks. Roland just stares at you in shock. You whisper, "I'm so sorry," and run off.



    *** And they didn't get married after all! ***



Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game, QUIT, or UNDO the last command?
> 