



This is the day you've always dreamed of. You are finally marrying the love of your life, Prince Roland.


Castle Garden
You are standing in the garden behind your family's castle. On this lovely fall evening, it is doing double duty as a wedding chapel.

Your betrothed, Roland, stands before you.

You can also see Father Alfred here.

>look at Roland
Roland is the most attractive man you have ever laid eyes on.

Father Alfred begins the ceremony, "We are gathered here today to witness the joining of two hearts." Roland smiles shyly at you.

>smile at Roland
You smile warmly at Roland.

"If anyone has a reason why these two should not be wed, speak now or forever hold your peace." You hold your breath for a second, wondering whether anyone will speak up. Fortunately, nobody does and you relax.

>kiss Roland
You'll have your chance soon enough!

"Who gives this woman--" You glare icily at the minister. You are nobody's property. "Ahem. Moving on," says the minister, visibly flustered. Roland looks at you questioningly, but says nothing.

>Kiss Roland
You'll have your chance soon enough!

"Love is a wonderful thing." And so on. You're too excited to pay attention to every word.

>look at priest
Father Alfred has been your family's minister for as long as you can remember.

"Elizabeth, do you take Roland to be your husband?"

>I dont
I only understood you as far as wanting to take inventory.

>I do
Of course you do!

The minister smiles at you and turns to Roland. "And, Roland, do you take Elizabeth to be your wife?"

Roland grins at you and exclaims, "I do!"

"I now pronounce you man and... dragon?!?" The minister's eyes go wide, seconds before he is incinerated by a burst of flame.

A large dragon flies overhead. The wedding guests scatter in every direction. You cower against Roland, but he pushes you towards the dragon and runs towards the road.

The dragon eats all the guests it can catch, and when it has had its fill, it smashes your castle to smithereens with its heavy tail and sets the remains on fire. You are nearly caught in a blaze of flame as you duck behind what used to be the stone wall of the garden. You are unhurt, but your fine gown snags on a rose bush and tears.

As the dragon finally turns to go, it catches sight of Roland, running down the road towards the river. It swoops down and smashes the bridge just as Roland is about to cross it and catches him up in its claws. The dragon flies away with your beloved prince.


Please press SPACE to continue.
<space>


The Paper Bag Princess
An interactive fairy tale by Adri
Release 1 / Serial number 131014 / Inform 7 build 6G60 (I6/v6.32 lib 6/12N) 

Castle Ruins
This used to be your home. Now it is nothing more than a smoking pile of rubble. The smoke obscures your view of the stars, and the primary source of light is the burning remains of your furniture.

The only road away from the castle now ends abruptly at the river bank. The forest surrounds you thickly on all sides, except for an area to the north where the trees have been broken and scorched.

>look at self
You are young and beautiful, too lovely to be described in mere words. You are, however, in dire need of a bath and a change of clothes.

You are wearing a handful of rags and a tarnished gold crown.

>walk to forest
You can't see any such thing.

>walk to river bank
You can't see any such thing.

>look
Castle Ruins
This used to be your home. Now it is nothing more than a smoking pile of rubble. The smoke obscures your view of the stars, and the primary source of light is the burning remains of your furniture.

The only road away from the castle now ends abruptly at the river bank. The forest surrounds you thickly on all sides, except for an area to the north where the trees have been broken and scorched.

>look around
You can't see any such thing.

>go to river bank
You can't see any such thing.

>go road
That's not something you can enter.

>go north
Perhaps you should find something more substantial to wear first.

>look paperbag
You can't see any such thing.

>go south
The only possible path appears to be through the forest to the north.

>look down
You see nothing unexpected in that direction.

>examine
What do you want to examine?

>examine rubble
These piles of stones and wood used to be your home. You catch a glimpse of something colorful hidden in one of the piles.

>look at colourful thing
You can't see any such thing.

>look rubble
These piles of stones and wood used to be your home. You catch a glimpse of something colorful hidden in one of the piles.

>pick up rubble
That's hardly portable.

>pick up colourful thing
I only understood you as far as wanting to pick up the glimpse of something colorful.

>look at glimpse of something colorful
You can't quite make it out from here. Why don't you try digging through the rubble?

>dig through rubble
You dig through the piles of rubble until you find a paper bag.

>wear paper bag
You take the paper bag.

You quickly fashion a dress out of the gift bag. It's not as fancy as you're used to, but it'll get the job done.

You strip off the remains of your wedding gown.

You slip the makeshift dress over your head and pull it down past your hips.

>go north

Burnt Forest
There's a trail of burned trees and what appear to be teeth leading to the northeast. One tree in particular catches your eye.

>examine tree
You examine the tree more closely. Someone has carved "PLUGH" into the trunk.

There is a large branch propped up against the base of the tree.

>look branch
It's a large branch. It looks pretty sturdy.

>pick up branch
You take the branch.

>go northeast
The woods seem pretty dark. Maybe you should find a light source.

>look for light source
You can't see any such thing.

>examine PLUGH
You can't see any such thing.

>look carving
You examine the tree more closely. Someone has carved "PLUGH" into the trunk.

>look
Burnt Forest
There's a trail of burned trees and what appear to be teeth leading to the northeast. One tree in particular catches your eye.

>look teeth
Yes, those are definitely teeth. They come in a variety of shapes and sizes, most of which do not appear to be human. You wonder briefly where the rest of the bones are.

>pick up tooth
You can't see any such thing.

>pick up teeth
You have absolutely no need for those. What are you going to do, make a necklace?

>make necklace from teeth
I didn't understand that sentence.

>examine tree
You examine the tree more closely. Someone has carved "PLUGH" into the trunk.

>look
Burnt Forest
There's a trail of burned trees and what appear to be teeth leading to the northeast. One tree in particular catches your eye.

>look tree
You examine the tree more closely. Someone has carved "PLUGH" into the trunk.

>use branch on tree
That's not a verb I recognize.

>use branch
That's not a verb I recognize.

>