Your game has been saved to the URL. You may want to bookmark this page now; just reload it at any time to restore your game from this point.
Ok.

>ask about fire
"Is it true," you say, "that you can burn up ten forests with your fiery breath?"

"Oh, yes," says the dragon, and it takes a huge, deep breath and breathes out so much fire that it burns up fifty forests.

Were you impressed by that display? (Y/N)

>Y
yes
"Fantastic!" you exclaim. "Do it again!"

The dragon takes another huge breath and breathes out so much fire that it burns up one hundred forests.

Wasn't that amazing? 

>Y
yes
"Magnificent!" you shout. "Do it again!"

The dragon takes another huge breath. But this time, nothing comes out.

>ask about fire
The dragon doesn't have enough fire left to cook a meatball!

>ask about flight
You say, "Dragon, is it true that you can fly around the world in just ten seconds?"

"Why, yes," says the dragon, and it jumps up and flies around the world in just ten seconds. It seems very tired when it returns.

Were you impressed by that display? 

>N
no
Apparently it takes a lot to impress you! But you force yourself to look delighted as you shout, "Do it again!"

The dragon jumps up and flies around the whole world in just twenty seconds. When it returns, it flops down on the ground.

The dragon is so tired that he falls fast asleep.

>talk to dragon
You whisper very softly, "Hey, dragon."

The dragon doesn't stir.

>enter cave
(first opening the cave door)

The Dragon's Cave
This is where the dragon lives. Piles of treasure fill the room, reflecting light in every direction.

Your betrothed, Roland, stands before you.

Roland looks at you and says, "Elizabeth, you are a mess! You smell like ashes, your hair is all tangled, and you are wearing a dirty paper bag. Come back when you are dressed like a real princess."

>give crown
(to Roland)
(first taking the tarnished gold crown off)
You should leave that on. A princess should never be without her crown.

>give paper bag
(to Roland)
(first taking the gift bag that has been fashioned into a rather respectable dress off)
You remove the gift bag, folding it carefully.

Roland glares at you.

>talk roland
I didn't understand that sentence.

>ask about dragon
The dragon is finally asleep. You should rescue Roland and leave, before it wakes up.

>rescue roland
That's not a verb I recognize.

>leave cave
I only understood you as far as wanting to leave.

>leave
"Roland," you say, "your clothes are really pretty, and your hair is very neat. You look like a real prince, but you are also a real toad."

You turn around and walk out the door.



    *** And Elizabeth lived happily ever after! ***



Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game, QUIT, or UNDO the last command?
> 