



This is the day you've always dreamed of. You are finally marrying the love of your life, Prince Roland.


Castle Garden
You are standing in the garden behind your family's castle. On this lovely fall evening, it is doing double duty as a wedding chapel.

Your betrothed, Roland, stands before you.

You can also see Father Alfred here.

>look roland
Roland is the most attractive man you have ever laid eyes on.

Father Alfred begins the ceremony, "We are gathered here today to witness the joining of two hearts." Roland smiles shyly at you.

>kiss roland
You'll have your chance soon enough!

"If anyone has a reason why these two should not be wed, speak now or forever hold your peace." You hold your breath for a second, wondering whether anyone will speak up. Fortunately, nobody does and you relax.

>speak
Shout! Shout! Let it all out!

"Who gives this woman--" You glare icily at the minister. You are nobody's property. "Ahem. Moving on," says the minister, visibly flustered. Roland looks at you questioningly, but says nothing.

>x self
You are young and beautiful, too lovely to be described in mere words.

You are wearing a wedding gown and a sparkly gold crown.

"Love is a wonderful thing." And so on. You're too excited to pay attention to every word.

>remove gown
It took a very long time to get you laced into that gown. You ought to leave it on for now.

"Elizabeth, do you take Roland to be your husband?"

>YES
Of course you do!

The minister smiles at you and turns to Roland. "And, Roland, do you take Elizabeth to be your wife?"

Roland grins at you and exclaims, "I do!"

"I now pronounce you man and... dragon?!?" The minister's eyes go wide, seconds before he is incinerated by a burst of flame.

A large dragon flies overhead. The wedding guests scatter in every direction. You cower against Roland, but he pushes you towards the dragon and runs towards the road.

The dragon eats all the guests it can catch, and when it has had its fill, it smashes your castle to smithereens with its heavy tail and sets the remains on fire. You are nearly caught in a blaze of flame as you duck behind what used to be the stone wall of the garden. You are unhurt, but your fine gown snags on a rose bush and tears.

As the dragon finally turns to go, it catches sight of Roland, running down the road towards the river. It swoops down and smashes the bridge just as Roland is about to cross it and catches him up in its claws. The dragon flies away with your beloved prince.


Please press SPACE to continue.
<space>


The Paper Bag Princess
An interactive fairy tale by Adri
Release 1 / Serial number 131005 / Inform 7 build 6G60 (I6/v6.32 lib 6/12N) 

Castle Ruins
This used to be your home. Now it is nothing more than a smoking pile of rubble. The smoke obscures your view of the stars, and the primary source of light is the burning remains of your furniture.

The only road away from the castle now ends abruptly at the river bank. The forest surrounds you thickly on all sides, except for an area to the north where the trees have been broken and scorched.

>n
Perhaps you should find something more substantial to wear first.

>x self
You are young and beautiful, too lovely to be described in mere words. You are, however, in dire need of a bath and a change of clothes.

You are wearing a handful of rags and a tarnished gold crown.

>x rags
The tattered remains of your wedding gown.

>look
Castle Ruins
This used to be your home. Now it is nothing more than a smoking pile of rubble. The smoke obscures your view of the stars, and the primary source of light is the burning remains of your furniture.

The only road away from the castle now ends abruptly at the river bank. The forest surrounds you thickly on all sides, except for an area to the north where the trees have been broken and scorched.

>x furniture
You think you can make out the leg of a chair somewhere in that mess. It's mostly just a blaze of fire.

>get lg
You can't see any such thing.

>get leg
None of the furniture is worth saving.

>x fire
The flames burn brightly.

>x leg
You think you can make out the leg of a chair somewhere in that mess. It's mostly just a blaze of fire.

>remove rags
You strip off the remains of your wedding gown.

>x self
You are young and beautiful, too lovely to be described in mere words. You are, however, in dire need of a bath and a change of clothes.

You are stark naked, save for a tarnished gold crown.

>x crown
Your gold crown. It's looking a little worse for the wear.

>remove crown
You should leave that on. A princess should never be without her crown.

>fao
That's not a verb I recognize.

>fap
That's not a verb I recognize.

>tear rags
That's not a verb I recognize.

>rip rags
That's not a verb I recognize.

>x rags
The tattered remains of your wedding gown.

>light rags
This dangerous act would achieve little.

>l
Castle Ruins
This used to be your home. Now it is nothing more than a smoking pile of rubble. The smoke obscures your view of the stars, and the primary source of light is the burning remains of your furniture.

The only road away from the castle now ends abruptly at the river bank. The forest surrounds you thickly on all sides, except for an area to the north where the trees have been broken and scorched.

>x river bank
The water is very deep here, and it moves quickly. Your father used to scare you with stories of sharks, although you have never actually seen one.

>jump in river
I only understood you as far as wanting to jump.

>jump river
I only understood you as far as wanting to jump.

>eat rags
They're plainly inedible.

>