



This is the day you've always dreamed of. You are finally marrying the love of your life, Prince Roland.


Castle Garden
You are standing in the garden behind your family's castle. On this lovely fall evening, it is doing double duty as a wedding chapel.

Your betrothed, Roland, stands before you.

You can also see Father Alfred here.

>  z
You beam happily at Roland.

Father Alfred begins the ceremony, "We are gathered here today to witness the joining of two hearts." Roland smiles shyly at you.

>z
You beam happily at Roland.

"If anyone has a reason why these two should not be wed, speak now or forever hold your peace." You hold your breath for a second, wondering whether anyone will speak up. Fortunately, nobody does and you relax.

>
I beg your pardon?

>z
You beam happily at Roland.

"Who gives this woman--" You glare icily at the minister. You are nobody's property. "Ahem. Moving on," says the minister, visibly flustered. Roland looks at you questioningly, but says nothing.

>z
You beam happily at Roland.

"Love is a wonderful thing." And so on. You're too excited to pay attention to every word.

>yes
You need to specify who you want to speak to.

"Elizabeth, do you take Roland to be your husband?"

>yes
Of course you do!

The minister smiles at you and turns to Roland. "And, Roland, do you take Elizabeth to be your wife?"

Roland grins at you and exclaims, "I do!"

"I now pronounce you man and... dragon?!?" The minister's eyes go wide, seconds before he is incinerated by a burst of flame.

A large dragon flies overhead. The wedding guests scatter in every direction. You cower against Roland, but he pushes you towards the dragon and runs towards the road.

The dragon eats all the guests it can catch, and when it has had its fill, it smashes your castle to smithereens with its heavy tail and sets the remains on fire. You are nearly caught in a blaze of flame as you duck behind what used to be the stone wall of the garden. You are unhurt, but your fine gown snags on a rose bush and tears.

As the dragon finally turns to go, it catches sight of Roland, running down the road towards the river. It swoops down and smashes the bridge just as Roland is about to cross it and catches him up in its claws. The dragon flies away with your beloved prince.


Please press SPACE to continue.
<space>


The Paper Bag Princess
An interactive fairy tale by Adri
Release 1 / Serial number 131007 / Inform 7 build 6G60 (I6/v6.32 lib 6/12N) 

Castle Ruins
This used to be your home. Now it is nothing more than a smoking pile of rubble. The smoke obscures your view of the stars, and the primary source of light is the burning remains of your furniture.

The only road away from the castle now ends abruptly at the river bank. The forest surrounds you thickly on all sides, except for an area to the north where the trees have been broken and scorched.

>take bag
You can't see any such thing.

>x castle
These piles of stones and wood used to be your home. You catch a glimpse of something colorful hidden in one of the piles.

>x colorful
You can't quite make it out from here. Why don't you try digging through the rubble?

>dig
(the rubble)
You dig through the piles of rubble until you find a paper bag.

>take bag
You take the paper bag.

>wear bag
You quickly fashion a dress out of the gift bag. It's not as fancy as you're used to, but it'll get the job done.

You strip off the remains of your wedding gown.

You slip the makeshift dress over your head and pull it down past your hips.

>tree
That's not a verb I recognize.

>ne
The only possible path appears to be through the forest to the north.

>n

Burnt Forest
There's a trail of burned trees and what appear to be teeth leading to the northeast. One tree in particular catches your eye.

>x tree
You examine the tree more closely. Someone has carved "PLUGH" into the trunk.

There is a large branch propped up against the base of the tree.

>plugh
POOF! Your fairy godmother appears. "Tsk," she says. "Poor girl. I'm not sure I can help you with this one." She pauses and rummages around in her pockets, pulling out a vial. She hands it to you. "This is the best I can do. Use it wisely." Then she vanishes, as quickly as she appeared.

>take branch
You take the branch.

>put rags on branch
You fashion a torch from the branch and the remains of your wedding gown.

>