



This is the day you've always dreamed of. You are finally marrying the love of your life, Prince Roland.


Castle Garden
You are standing in the garden behind your family's castle. On this lovely fall evening, it is doing double duty as a wedding chapel.

Your betrothed, Roland, stands before you.

You can also see Father Alfred here.

>x princess
You can't see any such thing.

>marry prince
Yes, Elizabeth. That's why you're here.

Father Alfred begins the ceremony, "We are gathered here today to witness the joining of two hearts." Roland smiles shyly at you.

>wait
You beam happily at Roland.

"If anyone has a reason why these two should not be wed, speak now or forever hold your peace." You hold your breath for a second, wondering whether anyone will speak up. Fortunately, nobody does and you relax.

>no
You need to specify who you want to speak to.

"Who gives this woman--" You glare icily at the minister. You are nobody's property. "Ahem. Moving on," says the minister, visibly flustered. Roland looks at you questioningly, but says nothing.

>undo
Castle Garden
[Previous turn undone.]

>object
That's not a verb I recognize.

>wait
You beam happily at Roland.

"Who gives this woman--" You glare icily at the minister. You are nobody's property. "Ahem. Moving on," says the minister, visibly flustered. Roland looks at you questioningly, but says nothing.

>s
You can't leave yet! The ceremony hasn't ended.

"Love is a wonderful thing." And so on. You're too excited to pay attention to every word.

>xyzzy
POOF! Your fairy godmother appears. She smiles at you and places a necklace around your neck. Then she fades out of view.

"Elizabeth, do you take Roland to be your husband?"

>no
You shake your head. "No. I don't."

Oh.

There's a pause, and then the guests begin to murmur. The minister frowns. "Elizabeth, are you sure?" he asks. Roland just stares at you in shock. You whisper, "I'm so sorry," and run off.



    *** And they didn't get married after all! ***



Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game, QUIT, or UNDO the last command?
> amusing
Please give one of the answers above.

Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game, QUIT, or UNDO the last command?
> 