



This is the day you've always dreamed of. You are finally marrying the love of your life, Prince Roland.


Castle Garden
You are standing in the garden behind your family's castle. On this lovely fall evening, it is doing double duty as a wedding chapel.

Your betrothed, Roland, stands before you.

You can also see Father Alfred here.

>x alfred
Father Alfred has been your family's minister for as long as you can remember.

Father Alfred begins the ceremony, "We are gathered here today to witness the joining of two hearts." Roland smiles shyly at you.

>x roland
Roland is the most attractive man you have ever laid eyes on.

"If anyone has a reason why these two should not be wed, speak now or forever hold your peace." You hold your breath for a second, wondering whether anyone will speak up. Fortunately, nobody does and you relax.

>x sky
You can't see any such thing.

>x garden
Your grandmother planted these rose bushes. They bloom in every color you could imagine, plus some you don't even have names for.

"Who gives this woman--" You glare icily at the minister. You are nobody's property. "Ahem. Moving on," says the minister, visibly flustered. Roland looks at you questioningly, but says nothing.

>x guests
You are surrounded by your family and friends, as well as Roland's mother, the queen of the neighboring kingdom.

"Love is a wonderful thing." And so on. You're too excited to pay attention to every word.

>hug roland
You'll have your chance soon enough!

"Elizabeth, do you take Roland to be your husband?"

>yes
Of course you do!

The minister smiles at you and turns to Roland. "And, Roland, do you take Elizabeth to be your wife?"

Roland grins at you and exclaims, "I do!"

"I now pronounce you man and... dragon?!?" The minister's eyes go wide, seconds before he is incinerated by a burst of flame.

A large dragon flies overhead. The wedding guests scatter in every direction. You cower against Roland, but he pushes you towards the dragon and runs towards the road.

The dragon eats all the guests it can catch, and when it has had its fill, it smashes your castle to smithereens with its heavy tail and sets the remains on fire. You are nearly caught in a blaze of flame as you duck behind what used to be the stone wall of the garden. You are unhurt, but your fine gown snags on a rose bush and tears.

As the dragon finally turns to go, it catches sight of Roland, running down the road towards the river. It swoops down and smashes the bridge just as Roland is about to cross it and catches him up in its claws. The dragon flies away with your beloved prince.


Please press SPACE to continue.
<space>


The Paper Bag Princess
An interactive fairy tale by Adri
Release 1 / Serial number 131007 / Inform 7 build 6G60 (I6/v6.32 lib 6/12N) 

Castle Ruins
This used to be your home. Now it is nothing more than a smoking pile of rubble. The smoke obscures your view of the stars, and the primary source of light is the burning remains of your furniture.

The only road away from the castle now ends abruptly at the river bank. The forest surrounds you thickly on all sides, except for an area to the north where the trees have been broken and scorched.

>x ruins
These piles of stones and wood used to be your home. You catch a glimpse of something colorful hidden in one of the piles.

>x colorful
You can't quite make it out from here. Why don't you try digging through the rubble?

>eat rubble
(first taking the rubble)
That's hardly portable.

>inventory
You are carrying nothing.

>lick rubble
That's not a verb I recognize.

>touch rubble
You feel nothing unexpected.

>move rubble
It is fixed in place.

>dig in rubble
You dig through the piles of rubble until you find a paper bag.

>look at paper bag
It's a gift bag made out of paper. It looks like it used to have polka dots on it, but now it's just scorched.

>save
Your game has been saved to the URL. You may want to bookmark this page now; just reload it at any time to restore your game from this point.
Ok.

>eat bag
(first taking the paper bag)
You take the paper bag.

That's plainly inedible.

>open bag
That's not something you can open.

>feel bag
You feel nothing unexpected.

>x bag
It's a gift bag made out of paper. It looks like it used to have polka dots on it, but now it's just scorched.

>unwarp gift bag
That's not a verb I recognize.

>unwrap gift bag
That's not something you can open.

>l
Castle Ruins
This used to be your home. Now it is nothing more than a smoking pile of rubble. The smoke obscures your view of the stars, and the primary source of light is the burning remains of your furniture.

The only road away from the castle now ends abruptly at the river bank. The forest surrounds you thickly on all sides, except for an area to the north where the trees have been broken and scorched.

>x furniture
You think you can make out the leg of a chair somewhere in that mess. It's mostly just a blaze of fire.

>take leg
None of the furniture is worth saving.

>x chair
You think you can make out the leg of a chair somewhere in that mess. It's mostly just a blaze of fire.

>x leg
You think you can make out the leg of a chair somewhere in that mess. It's mostly just a blaze of fire.

>push leg
It is fixed in place.

>pull leg
It is fixed in place.

>blow at fire
I didn't understand that sentence.

>extinguish flames
You succeed in dampening the flames closest to you, but they reappear almost immediately. You'll never put out this fire all by yourself.

>l
Castle Ruins
This used to be your home. Now it is nothing more than a smoking pile of rubble. The smoke obscures your view of the stars, and the primary source of light is the burning remains of your furniture.

The only road away from the castle now ends abruptly at the river bank. The forest surrounds you thickly on all sides, except for an area to the north where the trees have been broken and scorched.

>x smoke
You can barely see anything through the smoke.

>x trees
The forest surrounds you thickly on all sides, except for an area to the north where the trees have been broken and scorched.

>look north
You see nothing unexpected in that direction.

>go north
Perhaps you should find something more substantial to wear first.

>wear bag
You quickly fashion a dress out of the gift bag. It's not as fancy as you're used to, but it'll get the job done.

You strip off the remains of your wedding gown.

You slip the makeshift dress over your head and pull it down past your hips.

>go north

Burnt Forest
There's a trail of burned trees and what appear to be teeth leading to the northeast. One tree in particular catches your eye.

>