Probably the first thing you should do is type in "x me" and then hit Enter.

>x me

Well, actually, you probably aren't a high school girl named Robin. You are a person typing words into a computer game. The "x" in "x me" is short for "examine", and in a text adventure like this, examining yourself is almost always the first thing you want to do, so you can figure out what character you're controlling. What role you're going to play.

Of course, you can type whatever you want, but if it were me I think the next command I'd enter would be "i".

>i

The command "i" is short for "take inventory".

Right now you're carrying your flashlight.

You could examine the flashlight next, if you feel like it.

>x flashlight

Well, you should take some time now to examine anything else in this area that interests you. My personal favorite way to phrase such commands is "x [whatever], but there's also "examine", "look at", "check", and maybe some other things I forgot. Examining is your primary means of figuring out what's going on, and you should examine all kinds of things, all the time.

If you forget what else is in the room, then you can type in "look" or just the letter "l" to see an area's description again.

>help

The whole game is a walkthrough! The tutorial is built-in. It's always turned on. You cannot disable it.

If you're stuck, just make sure you read carefully, especially room descriptions—and examine whatever you can, of course.

>e

You try to open the door, but it seems to be locked.


>x dresser

It's pretty tall for a chest of drawers, and you're pretty short for a high school senior, which puts the top drawer at around eye level.

If you're audacious enough to look inside, the command you want is "open drawers".

>x vanity

A big fancy mirror is mounted on top, and the drawer underneath is open. To see what's inside something, you sometimes have to type in "look in [the thing]" or "search [that thing]".

>take comb

Taken.

If you want to return the comb to its place, you can enter a command like "put comb in drawer".

If the key isn't inside something, maybe it's underneath something?

Probably pretty obvious, but to pick up the key you'll want to type in "pick up key" or "take key".

>take key

You pick up the key. If you ever want to drop something, you can just type in "drop [the thing you want to drop]".

Now, clearly you deserve to open this door, as you've found the key and everything. But, some of the time, a text parser will insist that you explicitly unlock a door by typing in something like "unlock door with key" before you get to open it.

Well, there isn't much to do here, so let me get some boring stuff out of the way: To move around, you typically type in a compass direction: "go north", "go southeast"—or just "n", "se", and so on. The description of a room will usually tell you which ways you can go, although clarity in some cases takes a back seat to dramatic effect.

Let me get a few of the less interesting commands out of the way. "Restart" lets you go back to the beginning of a story. "Quit" will stop a story in its tracks, which you may want to do before you close the interpreter application.

"Save" and "restore" should be pretty obvious, although the specifics of how they work will depend on the interpreter you're using. I keep catching myself trying to restore a saved game with "load", but that doesn't always work!

To push something, the command is "push [the thing] south", or whatever the direction is where you want to push the thing. But you should totally try getting inside this chest! Try "enter chest".

I'm really sorry. That was uncool of me. It is impossible for you to get out of this chest. But you can fix this! Just type in "undo", and it'll be like "enter chest" never happened.

The thing is, because I am a computer game, I won't remember that undid anything, and I might try to get you to climb into the chest again. Don't listen to me, or we'll just end up back in here.

>push chest
To push something to another room, you have to specify in what direction you're pushing the thing ("push [thing] south").

>push chest south
You give the chest a good push...

You could try climbing over it, though. "Climb [something climbable]" is a command that is sometimes relevant, when climbable things come into play.

Maybe you could find something else to use as a step?

A wide flight of stairs leads down to the main floor. Just like "go north" and "n", you can move vertically with "go up" and "go down" or just "u" and "d".

>xyzzy
...I thought we had established that you've never played a text adventure before?

>sit on sofa

"You can't see any such thing." Text parsers say that a lot, but what they mean is "I can't see any such thing," because the text you entered doesn't match up with anything the game knows about in the area. Sometimes this is because you included an extraneous word, like maybe a preposition, that the parser doesn't know how to deal with. Sometimes it's because you used a synonym or alternate spelling that the parser doesn't know about. Usually it's because the author said something was there and then forgot to program it in.

>sit on couch
(getting off the decrepit chaise longue)
You sit on the couch. It is incredibly uncomfortable.

(Here's something interesting: It may or may not make any sense for you to execute certain actions while you're on top of the decrepit couch. You could be manipulating objects all over the room while you're sitting down—not super realistic!

So it falls to the author of a game, if the thought occurs to them, to go through every possible verb and check to see whether it should be possible to use that verb while sitting down. Or not.

In this case, I thought it would be more fun to talk about it than to actually do it.)


Here's a tip: If it looks like something is about to happen, but it hasn't happened yet, you can let some time pass by entering the command "wait" or its shortcut, "z".


Now, before you start interacting with Heather, I want to make something clear: People are not easy to simulate. Simulating a conversation with a person is especially tricky, especially in a text parser. I mean, it's hard enough trying to trick you into believing that I really understand you.

Heather speaks only the simplest language among text adventure characters: She will respond to the command "talk to Heather".

>break saucer
Violence almost never accomplishes anything. But it probably accomplishes some things, sometimes, I would imagine.

>n
Heather stops you. "Uh, Robin? I don't think Casey went that way." Man, what a video game person thing to say.

Before I forget, there are a few other housekeeping-type commands you should know about. "Help" and "walkthrough" and "hint" and "walkthru" will sometimes connect you with some hints or a walkthrough. "About" and "credits" will sometimes get you some background information on the game you're playing, if the author has the gall to assume you'd be interested.

Casey speaks the text adventure language of "ask/tell", meaning he'll respond to stuff like "ask Casey about [a thing] or "tell Casey about [a thing]. A lot of the time, "ask about" and "tell about" will get you the same response, because, like I said: Conversations are tough.

>talk to casey
Casey looks up at you and grins. "You're having fun, right?" he asks. (Remember, Casey's favored method of interaction is "ask Casey about [whatever]".)

>talk to orchid
When you call out to Orchid, she jumps.

"I didn't hear you come down! How's your night going?" she asks.

[1] "Well, I fell through a floor..."
[2] "I got to ride inside a dumbwaiter!"
[3] "Have you found anything cool?"

Orchid uses another, different interaction structure, a "conversation tree" kind of thing. The options above represent things you can say to Orchid: Just type in the number of the thing you want to say. If you lose track of what options are available, you can "talk to Orchid" to see the list of responses again.

This is it! This is the last puzzle in the game. And I'm not going to hold your hand through this one; I've helped you enough already. If you need help, you'll have to talk to one of the other characters.

Press any key to continue...

...You've done it! You've successfully played a text adventure.



    *** Congratulations! ***



Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game, QUIT or UNDO the last command?
> quit
